this is honestly the first thing today
I've seen worth vlogging actually a lot
of stuff has been but this is so big how
many is that does it say on there 16
crackers 74 74 service tea nearly five
pounds four pounds 14 ounces
what 74 times 16 I didn't go to bed last
night
I've played minecraft I won't do that
again just actually I didn't say
anything about it but the other day I
stayed up all night as well not playing
Minecraft though just doing stuff and I
really didn't play Minecraft all last
night either I just played a lot what is
that 2184
wow that's cool actually just so you
have a lot of animal crackers don't
worry about something yeah I feel like
I'm getting a cold which probably makes
sense because in the last week I on that
hominid you way one of these yeah I just
finished one of those you ate one of
these yeah good day yeah okay that's
like 6000 calories and 600 percent the
daily recommended amount of the sodium
about two hundred percent carbohydrates
my mom was watching this video right now
and just crying it's like you didn't you
haven't slept 400% and your and you ate
the entire thing in like a day 32
servings of pretzels 42 we guys didn't
see is we went to Panera Bread for lunch
and I had a nice soup and salad oh by
the way Stephen no I think people know
from intent but I really freakin love
pretzels like that's not an intent thing
that's me I love pretzels and I eat them
all the time and apparently I eat too
many occasionally I had I had this one
for like two days
I heard Alex say there's like 42
servings I ate in like two or three days
it's not good also the whole thing with
like not getting any sleep I should
clarify on the Minecraft thing for like
staying up all night playing Minecraft
we actually tried a new thing yesterday
instead of just building which has been
fun and we you know play and stop and I
haven't been staying up all night
playing Minecraft but last night we
tried something new where we all met the
spawn point we put all of the stuff that
we had everything in chests so we all
started with absolutely no inventory and
we decided to just go in a direction
together and explore and we're like we
didn't have any supplies and whenever
night came we like scrambled and like
had to come up with like a shelter and
it was it was really fun and then after
that first shelter we moved on and went
to a bigger shelter the next day we had
more supplies so we we really got on it
we mined down we got iron ore we did all
the stuff and then people logged off one
by one and then it was just me and I
just kept playing like I know we needed
food so I made a chest and just went out
and killed pigs for a long time and just
collected food for everybody I went down
and I was mine and stuff that I got some
coal for everybody because we really
needed coal for torches no there's
something about that group dynamic made
me want to play the game a lot more
anyway we are still doing that we plan
on on still keeping with this this mode
the self-made mode that we've been doing
and we're going to abandon that huge
huge place that we've made and move on
to the next spot
and then once I guess after a few times
that we get tired of it we'll just come
back and start building stuff again but
something about that group dynamic about
just helping the team and collecting
food for the team and doing all that
stuff that made me want to play the game
a lot more than just you know building a
giant house or Tower or something I
definitely have learned my lesson
because I you you mean sleep you have to
have sleep it's very important so I'm
not gonna do that again one thing that's
really weird that I've noticed is that
I've had a lot more free time this
quarter and when I have more free time I
as I would think that I would actually
get more sleep
actually get less sleep because I have
nothing to do I'm not worried about
anything I just tend to stay up and
that's really not good for me and I've
been staying up even later in later than
I ever thought I would and I've been
getting less and less sleep and it's not
a good habit I mean I already have to
stay up late just like edit the vlog but
as soon as the fog is done I have a time
window where I can get full night's rest
and I frequently just don't use it I
just do other stuff and I need to fix
that part of my schedule ASAP I'm
feeling really bad and I think I'm
getting really sick maybe it was the
sickness that's gonna finally wake me up
and be like okay go to bed you're an
idiot
I gotta fix something